Buber Recha Meronpake Chocho
Chop the real is the Tteyuu all 6 processing of Chinese characters that can be used in Toka bath
Let's do it
I wonder
I am glad that such anpanman system comes out
This is still a lot I'm still a little Let's do it one more time
Do what comes out
Anban I What
Germs Man' Poi two Actually we were made of, but came out
I have not
90 What does it mean? I came home a little
Another is You're what and I this time I'm a little one here a little generous that
I mean that I would like to announce the result of the challenge I tried a little
I tried to expand five in all here
It is 8 It is as you can see what and by key
After it had become to Rutteyuu strike or shine tricky result out with a comic three consecutive
Kokin-chan 's dice
After it looks like this is Meronpan'na chan I kinda Furudo is something like this child
It is a little garage Garage play feel it is in marbles like a little more entered in the
If you say either way, I will try again
Even if the feeling is Well a little like this really Tteyuu toy of the west for
It feels like playable, and it's going to be a kanji toy that can be used in a bath or pool sea
Ne
This play pool Kana web this in Phu Rajumeru
Yup
This Miko Ine Hey your water'm not put
When you go to the bathroom or when you're in the middle of the day there's a comparison that you like most
Aria Koree
Well comparison It is still the likes likely is what feeling Once Well wonder if good out even one
Though
I wanted at least one Anpanman at least at least
Hey it is this regard of it is I this chopper is good in something like Baikinman
It is also difficult to put it a little careful feeling you Dechotto everyone would soggy little late
Therefore, I say
Yes yes
By the way, this time from this Anpanman a from among the Anpanman's Gacha Gacha
friends ii
I tried a little bit this, but Anpanman did not go where the camera is turning
I think I will do my best until I get out
Comparison
Fourth place
Yup
Good mean
b face
Oh
It's dad happy if me playing is You're Well children as
Then it is good for comparison play
Number Panman Star Cutter